# English Sphere Server Documentation

## File Structure

This directory structure provides a clear organization for your project.
Here's a brief overview of the main directories:

    ├── dist                    # Production files (JS) generated after building the project.
    ├── gen                     # Code generator directory, containing a module generator for both REST and socket APIs.
    │   └── module.js           # module generator
    ├── src                     # Source files, including various modules and configurations.
    │   ├── configs             # Load environment variables.
    │   ├── constants           # common constant values for the whole server
    │   ├── doc                 # automatically generated by swagger-ui-express and tsoa
    │   ├── errors              # Handle errors within the application.
    │   ├── interface           # common interfaces
    │   ├── middlewares         # Implement middleware functions to protect API endpoints.
    │   ├── modules             # Follow a modular coding pattern, with separate directories for REST and socket API codes
    │   │   ├── rest            # rest api codes
    │   │   └── socket          # socket api codes
    │   ├── routes              # all rest api routes
    │   ├── shared              # common shared codes
    │   ├── app.ts              # app root
    │   ├── server.ts           # rest api root
    │   └── socket.server.ts    # socket api root
    └── ...

# Project Setup Instructions

Follow these steps to set up and start the project:

1. **First Time Setup:**

   - Create two files: `.env` and `.env.test`.
   - Copy and paste the required variables (refer to `.env.template` for guidance).

2. **Run Docker Containers:**

   - For the initial setup, execute the following command:
     - For Linux: `docker-compose -f docker-compose.yaml up -d`
     - For other systems: `docker compose -f docker-compose.yaml up -d`

3. **Start Docker Container in Dev Mode:**

   - To run the Docker container in development mode, use the following command:
     - `docker compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml start`
   - To stop the process, use:
     - `docker compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml stop`

4. **Start the Project:**
   - Run the command:
     - `yarn dev`

Follow these steps, and your project will be up and running in no time. Adjust configurations and commands based on your specific needs.

# Useful Documentation for Learning

Here are some useful documentation links to enhance your understanding of various technologies used in this project:

- [Express](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/installing.html): Learn about Express for building REST APIs.
- [Socket.io](https://socket.io/docs/v4/server-api/): Explore Socket.io documentation for building Socket APIs.
- [Mongoose](https://mongoosejs.com/): Understand Mongoose for MongoDB management.
- [TSOA](https://tsoa-community.github.io/docs/introduction.html): Use TSOA for generating API documentation.
- [Zod](https://zod.dev/): Implement Zod to validate and protect user input.
- [Supertest](https://www.npmjs.com/package/supertest): Write tests for Express REST APIs using Supertest.
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/): Explore Jest for writing unit and integration tests.

Feel free to refer to these documents to deepen your knowledge and efficiently work on the project.
